Staticrank indexing is now an index register type defined in default.idx
via directive 'staticrank'. The 'staticrank' directive for grs is no longer
supported (was only implemented for Zebra 2.0.8).

For searches, allow truncmax value to be controlled with attribute 13.
If given, that overrides the value of 'truncmax'.

For truncations being limited (abort at truncmax terms), zebrasrv returns
SearchResponse with resultSetStatus=subset.

For estimated hit counts, zebrasrv returns SearchResponse with 
resultSetStatus=estimate.

--- 2.0.8 2007/01/15

For searches, do not truncate more than at most 'truncmax' terms in one
single term with right-truncation/regular attribute. By default, 'truncmax',
is 10000.

Bug #781: Easier tracking of result sets. We only do this when mkstemp
is available (most moderun Unixes supports this). The PID is included
in filename : tempdir/zrs_PID_XXXXXX.

Added support for specification of staticrank for grs-class of filters.
This is enabled by using 'staticrank indexname' in .abs. Contents of
indexname (elm ... indexname:w) is then used as value for staticrank.

Implemented sorting via the ISAMB system. To enable, use sortindex:i in
zebra.cfg.

Added special retrieval support for sort keys. These keys can also be
fetched using zebra::index:field:s   

Added support for specification of approximative limits for whole query.
This is specified as attribute type 12. Semantics is the same as
estimatehits in zebra.cfg.

--- 2.0.6 2006/11/28

Fixed bug #736: Updates gets slower.

Fixed bug #735: Delete fails to process rest of file after a record that
does not exist,

Added RPM package for Zebra 2.

Improved indexing speed for large documents.

Added support for special utility retrieval zebra:: which offers retrieval
of fundamental properties for record, such as indexed terms, raw record,
and system record ID.

--- 2.0.4 2006/10/16

Fixed bug #47: Commit needs to check for roll-back.

Fixed bug #672: Trailing characters in password are ignored

Added extra presence check for tcl.h, because some systems have
tclConfig.sh installed even though Tcl C headers are missing.

Optimized melm performance.

Do not use sync(2) during commit (but rely on sync'd individual files).

Fixed bug in ISAMB's utility function decode_ptr. With gcc -O3 on some
platforms the src argument was not updated. Problem was compiler
optimization due to strict aliasing rules.

--- 2.0.2 2006/09/22

Bug fixes: #638, #647, #657, #669.

Implement skip of 0 hit counts in scan. Useful for scan operations
limited by a result set.

Honor position attribute, i.e. allow first-in-field search. To
enable this, "firstinfield 1" must be given for an index in
default.idx. Enabled in tab/default.idx for w. At this stage
first-in field is supported for phrase/and-list/or-list searches

Common stream reader interface for record filters (struct ZebraRecStream).

Debian package fix: packages idzebra-2.0 + libidzebra-2.0-modules did
not depend properly on sub packages.

--- 2.0.0 2006/08/14

New record filter (record type) 'alvis' which uses XSLT transformations
to drive both indexing as well as retrieval. See example configuration in the
'example/alvis-oai' directory.

'isamb' is now the default ISAM system. In Zebra 1.3, the default ISAM was
'isamc'. The type used can still be configured with the 'isam' setting
in 'zebra.cfg'.

Index structure is now 64-bit based, also on 32 bit systems. 
There are no more 2GB register file limits.

Extended search result tuning. Approximate limit for terms can be enabled
and specified with attribute 11. The (approx or exact) hit count is returned
as part of the search response as in 1.3 series. The subqueryID of a search
term hit count can be specified with attribute 10.

Zebra uses string attributes for indexing internally. Using set+numeric
use attribute can still be used. This is a search-only conversion which
inspects '*.att'-set files as indicated using attset-directives in 'zebra.cfg'.
'attset' references are no longer required, but when used they deserve
as "check" for that the index names used are also present in '*.att'.

Zebra record filters (record type handlers) may be built as loadable
modules (.so's) on Unix. In particular the Zebra 2.0 Debian package uses
separate packages for each of them. This also means that zebra programs
such as zebraidx is no longer depending on Tcl/other..

Documentation updates, especially on query structure and syntax, SRU, 
XSLT support, alvis filter module, and many added examples.

Improved logging of the 'zebrasrv' and 'zebraidx' binaries.

Improved debian package structure.

--- 1.3.16 2004/08/16
